Update users-passwordprofile-permissions.md (#9577)
microsoftgraph/microsoft-graph-docs-contrib: api-reference/beta/includes/users-passwordprofile-permissions.md

- In delegated scenarios, the calling app must be assigned a supported permission *and* a supported Microsoft Entra role.
  - *Privileged Authentication Administrator* is the least privileged role that's allowed to update this property for *all* administrators in the tenant.
  - In general, the signed-in user must have a higher privileged administrator role as indicated in [Who can reset passwords](/graph/api/resources/users#who-can-reset-passwords).

> - In app-only scenarios, the calling app must be assigned *User-PasswordProfile.ReadWrite.All* and at least *User.ReadWrite.All*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- In app-only scenarios using Microsoft Graph application permissions, *User-PasswordProfile.ReadWrite.All* is the least privileged permission.
```
